PROJECT TITLE - NCFL
The Professional Sports League of Chicken Fighting (in the pool).


The Idea:
    Our orginal thought was to make something unqiue to the prompt. While most others focus on a single serivce and/or product. We focused on something of a much larger scale. Being the huge sports fans we are, we knew the direction we wanted to go. All we were missing was a sport. From this, we chose a recreational game we all have played, and crafted it into a competative enterprise. Our inspiration came from interfaces such as the offical NFL website and sports broadcasting companies such as ESPN. However, we wanted to put our own twist on it. This could be seen through a more creative, exciting, and slightly humerous user interface than our sources on inspriation. Thus, the NCFL idea was set in stone.


The Process:
    Samuel Latham:
        I led the charge in our Figma planning stage, as we collaborated to craft a design a unique interface that still felt comfortable to our users. We begun our coding and I served as a bridge between the structure and the content. I would implement the content that we derived in acreeative way, amking use of HTML, CSS, and Bootstrap fucntions to engage users. I through in the basic Navbar and footer idea, and Brandon made it completeley functional. Using the teams Drake had created, made a playoff bracket. I focused alot on filling in the gaps and helping both Drake and Brandon when they got overwhelmed. I filled in team pages, did color editing, and created colorful story for our homepage. I implemented the contact information and our company logo of Los Pollos Hermanos. The heading above the navbar on each page was also my work. along with filling in the store and pricing merchandise. But the work I am most proud of is the team map. Having to switch from a complex javascript map to a more rudimentary format was dissapointing, but learning about how to create an area map and make the lgos clickable on the image made it more than worth it.  
    
    Drake Wallace:
        Due to the large amount of content required to fill the website, I was in charge of finding and creating the content and media for the entire website. The content that I was in charge of creating were aspects suchs as teams, players, team information, as well as all of the photos found on the site. One of our more inclusive pieces were the home-made videos. I was included throughout the filming process and completed the editing myself. Thus, I assumbed the role of media manager for our website.

    Brandon Granillo:
        In Figma I gave most of the structural ideas for Samuel to plan out. On the actual website, I assumed the role of Lead Developer. I assissted both Samuel and Drake whenever they needed help with certain tasks, as well as a fullfilling my own duties. My duities were creating all responsiveness, functionallity, and most all structure. As ideas were brought up I took charge in bringing them to life. I started with the navbar, which was my first real task. Afterwards, I impleted the carousels throught the website, and moved onto the rest of the homepage. I had the idea to implement the scores at the top our our homepage. This was were I truly began to understand the grid system in bootstrap. From this, everything became so much easier because I finally understood what I was really working with. Using this understanding, I went on to create the structure and format of a team page. Once I made the first page I was able to mirror that structure onto every team page. Afterwards, I began looking into a questions response box for the footer. This consummed about a day and a half of my time because I wanted one with a sumbit button that would clear the response. Minor tasks I did during the entire process was keeping all code organized and adding comments to just about everything. This was something extremely important to me as it makes code sinppets easy to read, find, and understand. This proved detrimental in later stages of website development. However, I'm most proud of the overall outcome of this website. We're all extremely proud of the countless hours and work my team and I put in because we all are very pleasured with how our website turned out. 



Final Thoughts: 
    This project opened our eyes to a world of possibilities that coding offers. It showed us the creative process behind interfaces that we use on a daily basis. Over the course of this project, we combined creative and innovative ideas, to develope better results as a team. We all can agree that we are exceptionally proud with the outcome of our website especially with all the work we did. We faced several challenges, but from that we've learned new problem solving skills and how to work better as a team. This project pushed us much further out of the box than any before, and we are grateful for that. For it is from that where we really challenged our creativity and saw what we were really capable of. In conclusion, this prokect was extremely beneficial and enjoyable. 